11.28 release notes (#427)
mondoohq/docs: releases/2024-10-29-mondoo-11.28-is-out.md

---
slug: mondoo-11.28-is-out/
title: Mondoo 11.28 is out!
description: Announcing the 11.28 release of Mondoo with Azure DevOps ticketing, policy scoring configuration, updated policies, and more!
authors: [tim, chip]
image: /img/releases/2024-10-29-mondoo-11.28-is-out/azure_devops_case.png
tags: [release, mondoo]
---

## 🥳 Mondoo 11.28 is out! This release includes Azure DevOps ticketing, policy scoring configuration, updated policies, and more!

Get this release: [Installation Docs](https://mondoo.com/docs/cnspec/) | [Package Downloads](https://releases.mondoo.com/cnspec/) | [Docker Container](https://hub.docker.com/r/mondoo/cnspec)

---

## 🎉 NEW FEATURES

> ### Azure DevOps ticketing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create Azure DevOps issues from Mondoo
```

Mondoo now supports creating remediation tickets in Azure DevOps. This option joins our existing support for ticketing with Jira, Zendesk, GitHub, GitLab, and email.

> Mondoo users can create tickets in these external systems and update them as it detects changes. When all the findings are remediated, Mondoo can automatically close tickets. When previously resolved findings regress, Mondoo can automatically open new cases to track remediation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mondoo can create tickets in these external systems and update them as it detects changes. When all the findings are remediated, Mondoo can automatically close tickets. When previously resolved findings regress, Mondoo can automatically open new cases to track remediation.
```

> Mondoo users can create tickets in these external systems. Once created, tickets are automatically updated as Mondoo detects changes. When all the findings are remediated, Mondoo can automatically close tickets. When findings that were resolved regress, Mondoo can automatically open new cases to deal with the regressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mondoo users can create tickets in these external systems and update them as it detects changes. When all the findings are remediated, Mondoo can automatically close tickets. When previously resolved findings regress, Mondoo can automatically open new cases to track remediation.
```

![Cases in Azure DevOps](/img/releases/2024-10-29-mondoo-11.28-is-out/azure_devops_case.png)

### Policy scoring weight configuration

> Configure how Mondoo scores your policies with a newly redesigned policy page. The new page makes it easier to enable or disable a policy, share that policy with colleagues, and now to modify how that policy is scored. Select the scale icon from the top of any policies page to display five new scoring options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure how Mondoo scores your policies with a newly redesigned policy page. The new page makes it easier to enable or disable a policy, share that policy with colleagues, and now to modify how that policy is scored. Select the scale icon from the top of any policy page to display five new scoring options.
```

> Configure how Mondoo scores your policies with a newly redesigned policies page. The new policies page makes it easier to enable or disable a policy, share that policy with colleagues, and now to modify how that policy is scored. Select the scale icon from the top of any policies page to display five new scoring options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure how Mondoo scores your policies with a newly redesigned policy page. The new page makes it easier to enable or disable a policy, share that policy with colleagues, and now to modify how that policy is scored. Select the scale icon from the top of any policies page to display five new scoring options.
```

> Configure how Mondoo scores your policies with a newly redesigned policies page. The new policies page makes it easier to enable or disable a policy, share that policy with colleagues, and now to modify how that policy is scored. Select the scale icon from the top of any policies page to display 5 new scoring options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure how Mondoo scores your policies with a newly redesigned policies page. The new policies page makes it easier to enable or disable a policy, share that policy with colleagues, and now to modify how that policy is scored. Select the scale icon from the top of any policies page to display five new scoring options.
```

As a general rule, spell out anything under 13 unless it's accompanied by numbers 13+

![Scoring](/img/releases/2024-10-29-mondoo-11.28-is-out/scoring.png)

Learn more about scoring systems in the [Mondoo documentation](https://mondoo.com/docs/platform/security/customize/score/).

## 🧹 IMPROVEMENTS

### Updated CIS Windows benchmark policies

Secure critical Windows servers with the latest CIS recommendations for Windows 2016 and 2019:

- CIS Windows Server 2016 benchmark 3.0.0
- CIS Windows Server 2019 benchmark 3.0.1

### Creation and scan details for integrations

Integration detail pages now expose creation and scan information to help with understand and troubleshooting integrations

- Creation date
- Last modification date
- Last successful scan date
- Last attempted scan date

![Integration details](/img/releases/2024-10-29-mondoo-11.28-is-out/integration_details.png)

### Windows on Arm packages

> Secure Arm based workstations and servers with Windows Mondoo packages for Arm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Secure Arm-based workstations and servers with Windows Mondoo packages for Arm.
```

### Fedora 41 support

Mondoo now detects Fedora 41 servers, workstations, and containers including EOL and package CVE support.

### Simplified policy property editing

> Policy properties values can now be modified directly on the policies page at Security -> Policies, making it easier to customize policies to your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now modify policy property values directly on the policies page at Security -> Policies, making it easier to customize policies to your needs.
```

![Editing properties](/img/releases/2024-10-29-mondoo-11.28-is-out/properties.png)

### Resource updates

#### asset

- New `purl` field

#### aws.ec2.instance

- New `iamInstanceProfile` field using the new `aws.iam.instanceProfile` resource

#### aws.iam

- New `instanceProfiles` field using the new `aws.iam.instanceProfile` resource

## 🐛 BUG FIXES AND UPDATES

> - Fix formatting on sample commands in the workstation integration set up page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix formatting on sample commands in the workstation integration setup page.
```

- Detect CVEs on recent VMware vCenter releases.
- Improve password expiration checks in Windows policies.

> - Fix a failure loading the AWS integration details page with certain configuration options enabled.

Reviewer: So the problem I had was real!!

> - Identify the new M4 iMacs in the asset overview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Identify new M4 iMacs in the asset overview.
```
